- Hi.
- Hello!
- Hello.
Let's talk about the weather and other things, okay?
Look at the sketch and let's practice the sentences.
My name is Takamisawa. Nice to meet you.
Where are the students coming from?
All over Europe, Korea, China, Thailand and other countries.
In other classes there are people from The Philippines, Egypt, Vietnam-
-and last year we had one student from Myanmar, so we are-
-teaching students from a lot of different countries.
0:00:53.000,0:00:52.160
Also, we teachers always try to help each other to level up our skills.
The students are both serious and gentle,-
-so I think the atmosphere of the school is overall very nice.
My name is Anders and I'm from Norway.
- When did you come to Japan?
- I came to Japan 3 months ago.
I chose this school becase after looking around on the internet-
-and also contacting a few schools, to try to figure out what I'd like.
- Right.
- This was the school that gave me the best impression.
I'm studying to be able to enter a Japanese university.
0:01:41.050,0:01:38.010
- So you have the...
- I'm gonna take the Japanese Language Proficiency Test.
- Oh, is it level 1 or 2?
- It's level 2.
I would like to live here in the future.
- What's the matter?
- I have a sore throat.
- Then you should drink a lot of water.
- Yes, I will.
Why should western students choose your school?
Right. I think there are a lot of people that have-
-an interest in characteristic Japanese culture.
Many western students say that they get to experience things that-
-they've never seen before or even thought could be possible.
If you want experiences like that, this school is the right place.
0:02:33.190,0:02:27.100
We try to come up with nice plans and visit a lot of places.
We put this in the curriculum because we want the students-
-to experience a lot of things and have fun when they are in Japan.
Everyone, here at System Toyo Gaigo we gather very kind teachers.
We give everyone a warm welcome-
-and the possibility to have exciting experiences.
I hope you can get a feel for the atmosphere of our school-
-and ultimately choose to come and study with us.
We'll be waiting for you.